Add CEP 5 : Adopting Grayskull as the defacto conda recipe generator (#17)
conda/ceps: cep-5.md

<table>
<tr><td> Title </td><td> Migration to Grayskull from conda-skeleton </td>
<tr><td> Status </td><td> Draft </td></tr>
<tr><td> Author(s) </td><td> Mahe Iram Khan &lt;miramk163@gmail.com&gt;</td></tr>
<tr><td> Created </td><td> March 29, 2022</td></tr>
<tr><td> Updated </td><td> _ _, 2022</td></tr>
<tr><td> Discussion </td><td> https://github.com/conda-incubator/grayskull/issues/306 </td></tr>
</table>

## Abstract

conda-skeleton, the conda recipe generator, unfortunately is not well maintained. It is also deeply integrated with conda build itself. Grayskull, a community innovation, on the other hand is a stand alone conda recipe generator. Migrating away from conda-skeleton and adopting Grayskull as the de facto conda recipe generator would allow easy maintainence and faster generation of recipes.

> ## Other sections

Reviewer: I would remove this section heading as it seems a bit superfluous.

> ## Other sections

Reviewer: I would remove this section heading as it seems a bit superfluous.

> **Specification**

Reviewer: This is a formatting suggestion. I suggest that instead of making the word "Specification" bold, that you instead make it a second level heading:

```
## Specification

Grayskull presently supports... 
```

This will make the document easier to read and skim over. I would suggest that you do the same for "Motivation" and "Backwards Compatibility" too.

> **Specification**

Reviewer: This is a formatting suggestion. I suggest that instead of making the word "Specification" bold, that you instead make it a second level heading:

```
## Specification

Grayskull presently supports... 
```

This will make the document easier to read and skim over. I would suggest that you do the same for "Motivation" and "Backwards Compatibility" too.

Grayskull presently supports the generation of recipes from PyPI and Python packages on GitHub. To make the migration from conda-skeleton to Grayskull, it is required to add more package origins to Grayskull. Adding R support to Grayskull is already a work in progress.
Below is a table comparing the various package repositories supported by conda-skeleton and Grayskull for recipe generation.

<table>
<tr><td> **Package Repository** </td><td> **Supported by conda-skeleton** </td><td> **Supported by Grayskull** </td>
<tr><td> **PyPI** </td><td> Yes </td><td> Yes </td></tr>
<tr><td> **CRAN** </td><td> Yes</td><td> WIP </td></tr>
<tr><td> **CPAN** </td><td> Yes </td></td> No </td></tr>
<tr><td> **Luarocks** </td><td> Yes </td><td> No </td></tr>
<tr><td> **rpm** </td><td> Yes </td><td> No </td></tr>
</table>

**Motivation**
Why the proposed change is needed.

> conda-skeleton is poorly maintained and is deep integrated with conda-build. This makes it harder to make changes and improvements to conda-skeleton without breaking something in conda-build itself. Grayskull is community developed conda recipe generator. It is a stand alone tool and is a major improvement upon conda-skeleton.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
conda-skeleton is poorly maintained and is deep integrated with conda-build. This makes it harder to make changes and improvements to conda-skeleton without breaking something in conda-build itself. Grayskull is a community-developed conda recipe generator. It is a standalone tool and is a major improvement upon conda-skeleton.
```

  * Generates recipes faster than conda-skeleton (conda-skeleton generates Pytest recipe in 31 sec, whereas Grayskull generates it in 4 sec)
  * Detects noarch:python, conda-skeleton does not.
  * Detects compilers, conda-skeleton does not.

The Grayskull codebase is highly modular and hence easy to understand, follow and maintain.

> **Backwards Compatibility**
> Will the proposed change break existing packages or workflows
> 
> Backwards compatibility is maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Backwards Compatibility**

The proposed change will not break existing packages or workflows, since backwards compatibility will be maintained.
```
